Hey it's Andre here.
I wanted to take a second and talk about what we just saw in the previous video now for some of you.
You might be thinking wow style components are really really cool.
While others might be saying that is the ugliest thing I've ever seen.
We've just made things so complicated and this is important because moving forward in our course we're
going to talk about these advanced react topics like style components like redux sagas like graph Q
Well context API hooks and all of these advanced topics are advanced because they come with tradeoffs
with pros and cons and when you learn about something like style components which is such a new and
different way to think about CSX then while we had before it's really easy for us to say I hate it or
I don't like it and what I found in my career is that when I think like that when I immediately have
a knee jerk reaction and say I hate this or this is ugly.
Most likely that means I don't understand it enough.
Now with that said I actually don't like stealth components and this is just my personal preference.
But there is always pros and cons to using tools so as we move through the course I want you to not
immediately decide that you love this or you hate this.
Instead start to notice the pros and cons of each.
For example style components have some really interesting concepts that EA who are mentioned about that
really help us make sure that we keep all our components and what the component is concerned about in
one place in our javascript but at the same time we notice that it adds an extra layer of complexity.
If you're working on a large team and you're in charge of that project and you decide to bring installed
components or any other tool that we're going to talk about throughout the course you have to think
to yourself is this overhead.
Is this extra complexity extra knowledge that my developer team needs to learn.
Is that worth it.
Are the tradeoffs worth it because as we make our apps more and more complex we make it harder and harder
for people that are joining our team or looking at our code to understand what's going on.
I love keeping things as simple as possible but I also understand that as applications grow you need
to perhaps add a few library add a new style add a new architectural pattern to make it less buggy and
more extensible so always think about tradeoffs.
That's why there is no right or wrong answer when it comes to these advanced topics.
Really good developers senior developers are good because they're able to make these judgment calls
not necessarily jump on the trend library do the hippest thing that everybody's talking about they can
think about pros and con on each project each situation and make the right call.
So start to notice these things in these various let's get back to it.